README.md, before:

# Pre-Modded Skyrim for Laptops SE Edition ALPHA v2
This project is was created for laptop players to get the best modded experience possible while maintaining good FPS. Desktop Users are welcome but your system most likely will not be taxed running this.


## Minimum System Requirements

OS: Win7 64 bit/Win 10 64bit

CPU : Intel Core i7 6700HQ

Memory: 8GB DDR3 1333MHz

Hard Drive: 60 GB

Graphics Card: DirectX 11 graphics card 3GB VRAM or better(Nvidia GTX 970M/1050 TI)

Sound Card: DirectX Compatible

Keyboard and Mouse

## Recommended System Requirements

OS: Win7 64 bit/Win 10 64bit

Processor: Intel i7 7820HK CPU

Memory: 16GB DDR4 2666MHz

Hard Drive: 80 GB SSD / m.2 drive

Graphics Card: DirectX 11 graphics card 4GB VRAM or better(Nvidia GTX 980M/1060 Max-Q)

Sound Card: DirectX Compatible

Keyboard and Mouse


## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the Mod up and running. See "Known Issues" notes for known Issues with certain mods.


## Installing Skyrim & Mods

1. Install Skyrim SE to C:\Games\Skyrim - Special Edition (ie SkyrimSE.exe should be C:\Games\Skyrim Special Edition\SkyrimSE.exe)

2. Make sure you on latest patch Version 1.5.39. This is a HARD requirement or some Mods will not work! You can check your Patch Version while paused in game. SKSE is already provided by the mod.

3. Extract the Archive to  C:\Games\Skyrim - Skyrim - Special Edition and say "Yes" when asked to overwrite. If not prompted to overwrite you did NOT extract to the right location.


## Getting Mods Ready

### Note: C:\Games\Skyrim - Skyrim - Special Edition will now be shortened as "root"
 
1. Run BethINI.exe located in root\BethINI-4875-2-7\BethINI\BethINI.exe. ***N2S fix this dumbass structure in next alpha***

2. Go to Setup Tab and change the Game Path. Select SkyrimSELauncher. ***I forgot to fix this before packing the mod. Will fix next Alpha.***

3. Go to Basic Tab. Select your Resolution. Note I haven't tested 1440p & above. 

4. Presets: Laptops I recommend Meduim or High. Start with high then drop if FPS suffers. Desktops pick High/Ultra.

5. Select Recommend Tweaks. Save and Exit.

6. Run Mod Orgamizer.exe in root\Mod Mod Organizer 2\ModOrganizer.exe

7. Make sure the Modded Profile is selected and all 124 Mods are checked.

8. Do NOT sort your Mods using LOOT or MO!!!! I have presorted them!

9. Do NOT sort your Mods using LOOT or MO!!!! I have presorted them!

10 Select the Diamond at the top or Click on the drop down and select SKSE and click Run.

## Known Issues

Lanterns Mod does not run. Eror about Readonly directory.

## Download
https://bit.ly/2HBzcSg

Commit message:

Added Shiny Rocks Known Issues

README.md, after:

# Pre-Modded Skyrim for Laptops SE Edition ALPHA v2
This project is was created for laptop players to get the best modded experience possible while maintaining good FPS. Desktop Users are welcome but your system most likely will not be taxed running this.


## Minimum System Requirements

OS: Win7 64 bit/Win 10 64bit

CPU : Intel Core i7 6700HQ

Memory: 8GB DDR3 1333MHz

Hard Drive: 60 GB

Graphics Card: DirectX 11 graphics card 3GB VRAM or better(Nvidia GTX 970M/1050 TI)

Sound Card: DirectX Compatible

Keyboard and Mouse

## Recommended System Requirements

OS: Win7 64 bit/Win 10 64bit

Processor: Intel i7 7820HK CPU

Memory: 16GB DDR4 2666MHz

Hard Drive: 80 GB SSD / m.2 drive

Graphics Card: DirectX 11 graphics card 4GB VRAM or better(Nvidia GTX 980M/1060 Max-Q)

Sound Card: DirectX Compatible

Keyboard and Mouse


## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the Mod up and running. See "Known Issues" notes for known Issues with certain mods.


## Installing Skyrim & Mods

1. Install Skyrim SE to C:\Games\Skyrim - Special Edition (ie SkyrimSE.exe should be C:\Games\Skyrim Special Edition\SkyrimSE.exe)

2. Make sure you on latest patch Version 1.5.39. This is a HARD requirement or some Mods will not work! You can check your Patch Version while paused in game. SKSE is already provided by the mod.

3. Extract the Archive to  C:\Games\Skyrim - Skyrim - Special Edition and say "Yes" when asked to overwrite. If not prompted to overwrite you did NOT extract to the right location.


## Getting Mods Ready

### Note: C:\Games\Skyrim - Skyrim - Special Edition will now be shortened as "root"
 
1. Run BethINI.exe located in root\BethINI-4875-2-7\BethINI\BethINI.exe. ***N2S fix this dumbass structure in next alpha***

2. Go to Setup Tab and change the Game Path. Select SkyrimSELauncher. ***I forgot to fix this before packing the mod. Will fix next Alpha.***

3. Go to Basic Tab. Select your Resolution. Note I haven't tested 1440p & above. 

4. Presets: Laptops I recommend Meduim or High. Start with high then drop if FPS suffers. Desktops pick High/Ultra.

5. Select Recommend Tweaks. Save and Exit.

6. Run Mod Orgamizer.exe in root\Mod Mod Organizer 2\ModOrganizer.exe

7. Make sure the Modded Profile is selected and all 124 Mods are checked.

8. Do NOT sort your Mods using LOOT or MO!!!! I have presorted them!

9. Do NOT sort your Mods using LOOT or MO!!!! I have presorted them!

10 Select the Diamond at the top or Click on the drop down and select SKSE and click Run.

## Known Issues

Lanterns Mod does not run. Eror about Readonly directory.
Rocks are shiny at night. This is caused by the Vivid Weathers Mod. To Fix turn off "Snow Shaders" in the Skyrim Launcher Advanced Settings

## Download
https://bit.ly/2HBzcSg
